Add the prerequisite and format a procedure. (#1566)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_including-a-kubernetes-application-in-a-workspace-devfile-definition.adoc

[id="including-a-kubernetes-application-in-a-workspace-devfile-definition_{context}"]
= Including a Kubernetes application in a workspace devfile definition

> This procedure describes how to define the {prod-short} {prod-ver} workspace devfile by Kubernetes application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure describes how to define a {prod-short} workspace devfile to include a Kubernetes application.
```

> The devfile format is used to define a {prod-short} workspace, and its format is described in the link:#making-a-workspace-portable-using-a-devfile_using-developer-environments-workspaces[Making a workspace portable using a devfile] section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The devfile format is used to define a {prod-short} workspace, and its format is described in the xref:making-a-workspace-portable-using-a-devfile.adoc[] section.
```

.Prerequisites

> * You are logged in to the cluster with a running instance of {prod}. To install an instance of {prod}, see {link-installing-an-instance}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You are logged in to the cluster with a running instance of {prod}. To install an instance of {prod}, see xref:installation-guide:installing-che.adoc[].
```

* `{prod-cli}` management tool is available. See xref:overview:using-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

.Procedure
// TO DO Supply URL for that file location

. Create the simplest devfile:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: 1.0.0
metadata:

>  name: minimal-workspace // <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 name: minimal-workspace <1>
```
Callouts are not comments.

----

> <1> Only the name *minimal-workspace* is specified. After the {prod-short} server processes this devfile, the devfile is converted to a minimal {prod-short} workspace that only has the default editor (Che-Theia) and the default editor plug-ins, for example, the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Only the name `minimal-workspace` is specified. After the {prod-short} server processes this devfile, the devfile is converted to a minimal {prod-short} workspace that only has the default editor (Che-Theia) and the default editor plug-ins, including, for example, the terminal.
```

> . To add Kubernetes applications to a workspace, modify the devfile and  add the `Kubernetes` type of components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To add Kubernetes applications to a workspace, modify the devfile and add the `Kubernetes` component type.
```

+

> For example, to embed the `NodeJS-Mongo` application in the *minimal-workspace*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to embed the NodeJS-Mongo application in the `minimal-workspace`:
```

   type: kubernetes
   reference: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/.../nodejs-app.yaml
   entrypoints:

>      - command: ['sleep'] // <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - command: ['sleep']  <1>
```

       args: ['infinity']
----

> <1> `sleep infinity` command is added as the entrypoint of the Node.js application. The command prevents the application from starting at the workspace start phase. This configuration allows the user to start the application when needed for testing or debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `sleep infinity` command is added as the entrypoint of the Node.js application. The command prevents the application from starting at the workspace start phase. This configuration allows the user to start the application when needed for testing or debugging purposes.
```

     - command: ['sleep']
       args: ['infinity']
commands:

>  - name: run // <1>
>    actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - name: run  <1>
   actions:
```

     - type: exec
       component: nodejs-app
       command: cd ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/nodejs-mongo-app/EmployeeDB/ && npm install && sed -i -- ''s/localhost/mongo/g'' app.js && node app.js
----

> <1> The `run` command added to the devfile is available as a task in Che-Theia from the command palette. When executed, the command starts the Node.JS application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `run` command added to the devfile is available as a task in Che-Theia from the command palette. When executed, the command starts the Node.js application.
```
